✨ Document new gated repository features (#705)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-gated.md

The `README.md` file for a dataset is called a [Dataset Card](./datasets-cards). Visit the documentation to learn more about how to use it and to see the properties that you can configure.

## Manual approval

> By default, users request to accept the dataset are accepted automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, users requests to access the dataset are accepted automatically.
```

Author: thx!

## Manual approval

> By default, users requests to access the dataset are accepted automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, requests to access the dataset are automatically accepted.
```

Dataset authors can set the approval mode to "Manual reviews" from the dataset's **Settings** tab.

> Doing so enforces that each access request is manually reviewed and approved by the dataset authors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Doing so enforces that each access request will be manually reviewed and approved by the dataset authors.
```
